# Homemade-McLaren-RC-Car
We designed a fully functioning McLaren 765LT model for a class project in our final year of College/ Cegep. It was a 2 month process dating back to October 9th 2024, and it ended November 26th 2024. The project began by a rough schematic of what we needed to do to start building the car. Once we were clear or the materials we needed and the resources we were going to use, we started building. At first the 3d modeling process was challenging through fusion 360 so we decided to model the car on blender, which we would then stack in fusion 360 to export for printing. This was probably the best thing we could have done because Blender is the most user friendly resource when it vcomes to designing/outlining anything. At the same time, we began the process of assembling and coding the electricals using arduino UNO and a breadboard to connect all the parts required to make the car drive. We had very limited knowledge of Arduino UNO because we had only spent a month and a half once a week learning how to use it, that's when external resources became very useful to us because this was project where we needed to learn everything from scracth. We were provided with a bluetootj module by the school where we were told that we could use it to connect to our mobile device and control the car. This wa probably the worst decision we took in this project (RULE #1: NEVER make your most important component something you have little to 0 knowledge on). We assumed that since the school provided us with this module, that it would work, we were so wrong, if there was one thing we could have changed in this project, it would have been using our own old rc car manufactured module. We spent WAY too much time trying to work with the bluetooth module when we could have simply purchased a module that works with an RC car specifically. Once we decided to switch to the mdoule with little to no time remaining, we spent the next 3 days at a workshop at one of our homes making the system work. Once we wired all the components in correctly, we knew we were set. We spent the next the rest of time we had to work on the project perfecting it, by making custom headlights, stickers, painting the car itself which made a bit of a mess in my garage. Finally through all our hard work in the lab sessions and sleepless nights outside of class, we successfully modeled it. We were so satisifed with the outcome of the project, and had we made the choice to switch to our own module in the first place, the car would have been 100x nicer than it already is. Overall it was such an amazing experience with some of my best friends that I made throughout College, and it something I would never trade.
